Update 0276-problem-matchers.md (#1105)
actions/runner: docs/adrs/0276-problem-matchers.md

For example, the actual compile errors from the typescript compiler should bubble as issues in the UI. And not simply "tsc exited with exit code 1".

> VSCode has an extensible model for solving this type of problem. VSCode allows users to configure which [problems matchers](https://vscode-docs.readthedocs.io/en/stable/editor/tasks/#defining-a-problem-matcher) to use, when scanning output. For example, a user can apply the `tsc` problem matcher to receive a rich error output experience in VSCode, when compiling their typescript project.

Reviewer: https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/tasks#_defining-a-problem-matcher
```suggestion
VSCode has an extensible model for solving this type of problem. VSCode allows users to configure which [problems matchers](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/tasks#_defining-a-problem-matcher) to use, when scanning output. For example, a user can apply the `tsc` problem matcher to receive a rich error output experience in VSCode, when compiling their typescript project.
```

Author: Thanks, I had a hard time finding them. Specifically, I always have a hard time finding this documentation. Hopefully this will give it some additional page rank.
